Author: Colby Ackerman
Class: CS4610 (Databases)
Date: October 2, 2019

-----------------------------------------------------------

Developers Comments:

Just wanted to outline a couple issues that you the grader may encounter while you are running this application to hopefully make your life easier.

First of all, I apologize in advance for the overall structure of my code. I had to relearn PHP as I went, so the overall architecture suffered because of that.
If I were to restart this assignment, I would tackle it in an entirely different way so that the project would not end up needing a different .php file for each different table.
I did my best to comment well to improve the readability since some of lines of php code are a bit difficult to follow--at least they were for me.
Anyway, the weirdest thing you'll probably encounter in the codebase is in index.php. Any line in which I echo out an HTML button which calls a javascript function and passes php variables as parameters to the function felt weird to write. I don't know though--maybe it is more common than I realize. E.g. index.php:Line#163

Problems You May Encounter as The Grader:

    - If the tables are not displaying due to permission restrictions, the $username and $password variables can be found at line #44 in the index.php file. Try changing the $password variable to an empty string or "root" depending on how you have your database setup. The default actions of phpmyadmin are different for Mac and Windows, so just try different things if it doesn't just work by default. I believe I have submitted it with it configured for Windows.

    -If at any point you delete every row in a table, the whole page breaks, so you will have to go into phpmyadmin and manually add a row back to get it up and running again. I wanted to figure out how to fix this, but my code became such a mess and I was having so much trouble figuring out the actualy flow of my program, that I pretty much just let it go.

    -Relating to the previous problem, everytime you use either the update or insert new row features of the application, you must manually navigate back to the page using the navbar at the top to get the table to redisplay. Again this is due to the way I structured my code which made it very difficult for me to figure out how to get it to flow correctly. Should be fixed for the next assignment since my approach will be different and hopefully improved.


Thank you!
